<h1>Hello! My name is Robin C Hoffpauir!</h1>
My coding journey didn't start the <em>'traditional'</em> route of a obtaining a computer science degree with an internship out of college. Instead, after playing baseball in college and studying Business Management, I went into sales. I liked it and found success, but I found myself doing it because I was good at it, not becuase I liked it. This professional impass led to finding more (or getting deeper into current) hobbies. In a twist of what I have come to see as 'fate', I first opened Anaconda's python IDE after searching for a way to do better research of my favorite professional baseball players/teams. I found that statistical analysis of Big data could be handled and computed with multiple analytical techniques to find 'hidden'(or harder to compute), insight that statistics can unveil. From my first <code>print()</code> call, I was a kid in a candystore, diving into a vast ocean of applicable, problem-solving technology that seems to have no end to the possibilities of its applications. I was devouring anything I could get my hands on, Module documentation, stackoverflow.com/reddit/<em>insert newest social coding platform here</em>, or taking online certification courses. I was truly a chicken with its head cut off, as I had the right drive, just the wrong direction. After gaining some invaluable insights from some mentors, I finally found a proper way to attack a new problem or quandry I wanted to solve. Below is some of the results of those properly directed endevours and statistical studies
